okay what book do you have the Monster
at the End of this book
okay go ahead I can read it yep okay
this is a bird open Vince and the next
page
what did that sing in the first page we
did dancing suggesting it was gonna be
on my hook
maybe you do not understand
you see many patients will get us to the
end of this book there is a monster and
end of the book but this will stop you
from turning pungent see I obtained the
pages so you could nut yeah you don't
know what you were doing to me ten
minutes when you can did you know that
every time you turn to another page you
need to disclose to the monster that you
are very strong
well what is that this is the end of
this the only one here is me howl
of a wolf real gopher and the Monster at
the End of this book and user steered
the end I told you I told you there's
nothing to be afraid of